Update whats-new-agent.md (#107468)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/whats-new-agent.md

> 

Reviewer: Please make sure you update the date in the metadata to the publishing date. I can go in and do that after we sign off on this if we don't have time.

Author: Heidi, would you please handle the metadata publishing date. Thank you!

## Latest agent versions

New versions of the Azure Virtual Desktop Agent are installed automatically. When new versions are released, they are rolled out progressively to all session hosts. This process is called *flighting* and it enables Microsoft to monitor the rollout in [validation environments](create-validation-host-pool.md) first. A rollout may take several weeks before the agent is available in all environments.

## Version 1.0.6298.2100

> This update was released end of March 2023 and includes the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update was released at the end of March 2023 and includes the following changes:
```

> - Health check reliability improved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Health check reliability improved.
```

> - Reliability issues in agent upgrade fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reliability issues in agent upgrade fixed.
```

> - VM will be marked unhealthy when health check detects a required URL is not unblocked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VM will be marked unhealthy when health check detects a required URL isn't unblocked.
```
